README.md, before:

# Build an Apartment
Starter project for the Udacity [VR Developer Nanodegree](http://udacity.com/vr) program.

- Course: VR Scenes & Objects
- Project: Build an Apartment


### Versions Used
- [Unity LTS Release 2017.4.22f1](https://unity3d.com/unity/qa/lts-releases?version=2017.4)
- [GVR SDK for Unity v1.170.0](https://github.com/googlevr/gvr-unity-sdk/releases/tag/v1.170.0)


### Directory Structure
- The Unity project is the child directory of the repository and named according to the associated lesson.
- The Unity project is 'cleaned' and includes the `Assets` folder, the `ProjectSettings` folder, and the `UnityPackageManager` folder.


### GVR SDK for Unity
- `GoogleVR` > `Demos` is not included.
- `GoogleVR` > `GVRVideoPlayer.unitypackage` is included.
- Scripts applicable to the course have been updated to reflect Unity's API change from `UnityEngine.VR` to `UnityEngine.XR`.

>**Note:** If for any reason you remove and re-import GVR SDK for Unity v1.170.0, make sure you accept any API update pop-up prompts triggered by Unity. Alternatively, you can manually run the API updater (Unity menu `Assets` > `Run API Updater...`) after the import has completed.


### Other Details
- This submission is for Android

Commit message:

Updating readme with project info and experience

README.md, after:

# Project info
Name: Thiago Lozzer Zippinotti
Taregt: Android

# Build an Apartment
Starter project for the Udacity [VR Developer Nanodegree](http://udacity.com/vr) program.

- Course: VR Scenes & Objects
- Project: Build an Apartment


### Versions Used
- [Unity LTS Release 2017.4.22f1](https://unity3d.com/unity/qa/lts-releases?version=2017.4)
- [GVR SDK for Unity v1.170.0](https://github.com/googlevr/gvr-unity-sdk/releases/tag/v1.170.0)


### Directory Structure
- The Unity project is the child directory of the repository and named according to the associated lesson.
- The Unity project is 'cleaned' and includes the `Assets` folder, the `ProjectSettings` folder, and the `UnityPackageManager` folder.


### GVR SDK for Unity
- `GoogleVR` > `Demos` is not included.
- `GoogleVR` > `GVRVideoPlayer.unitypackage` is included.
- Scripts applicable to the course have been updated to reflect Unity's API change from `UnityEngine.VR` to `UnityEngine.XR`.

>**Note:** If for any reason you remove and re-import GVR SDK for Unity v1.170.0, make sure you accept any API update pop-up prompts triggered by Unity. Alternatively, you can manually run the API updater (Unity menu `Assets` > `Run API Updater...`) after the import has completed.


### Project experiences
- The project took about 50h of work to be completed.
- The thing that I really liked in this project was to learn about lighting in Unity
- The most challenging thing in this project was exactly what a liked most: lighting. Understand all those parameters was a real challenge.
